* Feedback:

	Instapaper support, deal breaker for @dssstrkl
	
	Probably use icons for "Retweet" instead of a label?

	Drop shadow on text in the detail view seems off, there is a
	white outline surrounding it instead of just the bottom.

	
* Bugs
	On user searches, the icon for the user, for the same user
	takes a while to load

	Reduce the audio quality, currently it is too slow to load

	Settings are not loaded on startup, change all the convoluted
	logic on the settings page to be straightforward instead of being
	made of double negatives everywhere

	Add account a second time does not work with the cheap-o authentication
	system.    Perhaps we are still logged in with WebKit?

* Must do

	Upgrade Sqlite-net, so we can:
		Add new column for "retweet-count"
		Add column for geo location

	Add mechanism to re-authenticate on Net Failure, due to my
	two sets of keys.

* Perf
	Measure time between will-update and did-update on our main view

	Chicken noises should be started on a background thread?  
	Maybe use shorter noises to make the UI more responsive.

	Shrink the audio file, too large, takes too long to load, and
	is too big

* Features

	On network failures, add fail whale artwork

	Group conversations in private messages

	Offer to "Load Stored Tweets"

	Kill the database, and just keep a circular buffer of the last
	n-thousand tweets?

	Show Number of times the tweet has been retweeted

	Show Geo icon

*iPhone4

	Download the large version of the image for the ShortProfile
	and show at 146x146 instead of the _bigger version which is only
	73x73

	Perhaps it is time to abandon the idea of ImageStore tied to the
	ID, this optimization makes it hard to support all 3 image formats
	and prevents the code from being reusable

	Option: what if I keep a list of all ID->PicUrl IDs visible, and
	invalidate any cached images as we load new data.

* Probelms:

	Add support for using the OAuth + XAauth keys.   Currently
	installign the product vs installing the final build breaks the
	authentication

Missing Features:
	Show "Verified" accounts
	Show "User has tweets protected"
	Report Spam
	Show posting lcoation if available
		Location is available in the tweet as <places>
		But requires an upgrade to the tweets.db
 

* Usage Observations

	Do not show border on detail tweets if we have alpha channel?

	needs to save draft
	needs to remembrr last position (after phone call, everything is cancelled)

	(http://foo) is not highlighted

* Optimizations

	TwitterAccount.Download by default will make a copy into a MemoryStream of 
	the results.   This is fine for small downloads, but for larger downloads it
	is best to stream directly (for example timeliens), btu then we need to be
	careful to decouple the stream reading from UI code.

* Would be nice

	Upload images in background, like "POSTs" do.

	Compress image in background, without blocking with the HUD display

	Add an option to cancel the upload.
	
*  Missing Stuff

	Refresh user pictures when they change.  
		Currently, once we download a pic, we never update it

	TweetCell - Main Display
		geo info, and pic info?
		Replace foo -> bar in retweet with a bottom "Retweeted by"

	Turning a search into a saved search
	Lists:
		Instead of managing lists, be able to "add user to list" in the UI in the profile view.
		Delete from list.
		Edit, Delete, Info
		Special List timeline controller that lets edit	
	User profile:	
		Red Color for Blocking users
		Merge friends + followers in a single cell to save space?
		Showing a map for the user profile
		Show if the tweet is protected/user protected
	Remember last tab
	FullProfileView
		Needs an animating element while loading data from the network,

* Some settings that could be added

	display name
	date format 
	Font size
	Image quality

	Image service configurator
		Most image uploaders require API keys and disable
		commercial use, not worth the hassle

	Video service
	Read Later
	
	User svcs:
	     tweet blocker
	     follow cost
	     favstar.fm
	     overlapr
	     favrd
	     tweetorites

	Manual
	Advanced

* Post 1.0:

	If the picture has been posted, do not bother trying to post it again

	The search API now has a feature that allows the result to show whether
	it is a popular tweet;   Include this feature ("100+ recent tweets");

	Add editing capability to searches to trim down the search list

	Nearby tweets on a map

	Themed cell renderers

	Retweet rendering style
		Support Foo -> Bar at top (now)
		Support [Retweeted by Foo] at bottom

	Direct messages style (grouped by recipient, by time)

	Direct Messages special view
		Grouped per user, blend conversation together

	Cell "themes"

	Group user names by letter, and show the letter selector on right

	Queue system: would be nice if the delayed POSTs can insert
	data back into the main system.   Or alternatively make 
	POST synchronous and only put in queue if it fails?

	Showing User Pictures
		Needs a custom image loader for user profiles and urls that we detect as pictures

	Add support to remove a saved search.

	Add support to add a search to the saved searches.

	Show attachments, this way we can calculate the actual number
	of characters left before we post

	Add "Attachment" rendering to support showing various bits of information
	pictures, forsquare, amazon links, 

* Wanted

	ActivityElement to support a message in addition to the activity

* Http Stack

	Since all calls to the twitter API are to the same server,
	we should have an API that serializes all calls, maybe even
	reuses the WebClient instance.

	Should support high-priority vs low-priority requests.  Some
	operations like trend fetching do not have to be a top 
	priority.

* Idea: Memory management

	Modify the TImelineController to reload data on demand, 
	since CocoaTouch does not really kill leaf instances
	of view controllers so we can end up carrying a lot of
	data around.

	Problem: we can only do this if a child is not currently
	visible.

* TweetDetail

	Put a border around the image loaded.

* Application

	Remember where we are (drilled down on a tweet? or search)

